---
layout: post
title: Panache
description: "Everyone should take a gap year to explore the world in some detail. At some point between chunks of schooling or work, whenever. I want to and I plan to, but haven't had the chance yet, so for now I make due by writing about it."
date: 2014-01-19
categories: writing nonfiction
tags: travel
---
> They're good…but they're crass. They need polish… edge. [Felix Armstrong][history-boys-wiki]

__RE: A CAMPAIGN FOR UNDERGRADUATE INTEREST__

Dearest Faculty,
Our young and able-minded undergraduates excel in all areas, but have, of late, become a bore. They lack a certain distinction, the conversational panache, if you will, that accompanies authentic experience. It is for this purpose that we shall require students to take A Grand Tour of Philadelphia. Each student will be required to engage in a monthly cultural enrichment activity by traveling to one of the specified areas and finding a special location of one's own. In this location, the student will personally reflect upon the cultural insights received therein.

To best understand our object, you are encouraged to peruse past entries submitted by our best and brightest. The following examples shall be deemed "culturally relevant" for enrichment activities.

- Schuylkill River Path. Biking to Manyunk.
Finally, an escape from campus. As I exit the grips of the city, I feel a complete separation from the stress of campus. On the edge of Fairmont Park, the concrete banks of the Schuylkill melt away to reveal an array of flora, rolling and verdant. Unrestricted by the need to analyze, I mediate on nothing, mind released, at ease.

- Old City. First Friday.
We cycle past the masses on Chestnut, completely uninterested in the ordinary collection of shops and brand-name apparel. We are starved for an authentic experience, hungry for the chance to discover the subtleties of Philadelphia's art scene. Crossing 3rd street, we hit the crowds. Free food, free drinks, everywhere we turn. It seems as if every doorway is calling my name. We enter the first gallery, and observe dozens of bottles laid upon ice. I think the exhibition is on painting, or is it photography? It’s probably art—I’m pretty sure it’s art. In any case, the heat of the room makes us thirsty. We drop a dollar, grab a bottle, and walk on. I hide some prosciutto in a napkin to get me to the next stop, a delightful stack of tortilla chips amid salsas and dips. By the time we get to Front Street, we have eaten several meals each worth of finger foods. Our hunger satisfied, we return to the comfort of campus.

- Upper Darby. BYO at Don Memos.
We take the Blue Line to 69th street. It’s dark here, with nothing noticeably interesting. We are giddy at the chance to be the first to find good Mexican food in Philly. Our anticipation is for naught: the margaritas are not bad, but the food is.

-	Grays Ferry. Finding the Crescent Trail.
Today I will go for a run. Where to? Perhaps something new, a Southward journey: down 38th street, navigating the hazards of uneven pavement and freeway onramps. I turn right after crossing the Schuylkill. Then there is a double take. To the right, between grimy river, industrial compound, and dilapidated neighborhood, is an untouched gem: A river trail, unhindered by the masses of walkers, joggers, and cyclists. With each step, the freshly laid pavement pressed my legs forward with an added spring.

Onward Coryat!
The MANAGEMENT

[history-boys-wiki]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_History_Boys