---
layout: post
title: "Sarina"
description: "Third short story from this semester's Fiction Writing Workshop"
categories: writing fiction
tags: featured
---

Sarina, as we know, was well liked around the office. She was present at the most important meetings, and never failed to give touch to Mr. Keckner, while whispering secrets that turned the graying man’s cheeks crimson.

I first knew Sarina at a team-building function, though I do not doubt that she had known others before me. At the break, I stood at the corner of the room to pour myself a coffee and observe my fellow employees speaking amongst themselves. I leaned against a table, but maintained a good posture, as is fitting for a young professional. When I noticed Sarina staring in my direction I immediately turned to look behind me, as I hardly expected a woman of her caliber to take notice of a plain man like myself. Not that I consider myself unattractive. In fact, I have taken great measures in acquiring a professional wardrobe based on trends found in various web magazines. But when I turned to see whom she was eyeing, I observed that the only thing behind me was the small table of refreshments and a neutral-colored wall. I could not still the styrofoam cup in my hand. I felt hot coffee burn my knuckles as she pushed through the others without regard to their huddled cliques. Her stride was long and she arrived before I had fully prepared myself. With a single motion, she knocked my cup aside and whispered in my ear. She pushed me back with surprising strength and knew me, right there in the fluorescent lit break room. The others neither chastised nor congratulated us, but went along their usual business.

I left the office the following Tuesday, and found Sarina reclined upon the hood of my car, clutching a small backpack. She wore a sleeveless denim, revealing a patchwork of permanent tattoos that were thoroughly unfit for the professional setting in which we had known one another. I squinted at the reptilian Buddha on her right forearm when she spoke.

“I would like for you to take me out.”

“Sarina. Yes you are Sarina. I’m sorry. Yes, excuse me?”

“There is an event tonight.” Her eyes fixed on mine. “I would like for you to take me to it.”

“Yes, sorry? Of course. Sure, yes of course.”

She handed me a torn sheet of paper with the name of the venue, “21st Street Virtual”. And it was decided, so we set
off into the evening.

I parked my car in an alley at the corner of 22nd street. I had never been to this part of town before, as I was well aware of its reputation. Sarina opened her bag and removed various metal rings. She went about affixing them to pierced holes along her ears, lower lip, and septum. She applied dark makeup to her eyes and handed the bag to me.

“Here, put these on. You look ridiculous.”

I wondered what part of my modest outfit she found ridiculous as I examined the clothing. The jeans were far too small, and the studded jacket rather ostentatious. But I dared not refuse her, so I reclined my seat and got on as quickly as I could.

At the door was a small line of others wearing jackets similar to my own. Upon entry, each attendee was fully inspected by a large man with a shaved head and full beard. It was difficult to tell if he was a once muscled man who had stopped lifting weights, or a once chubby man who had started. Sarina walked directly to him and whispered into his ear. He uncrossed his arms, letting us pass without delay.

The ceiling was high and bare. The place was likely a former storehouse for mundane and unprofitable goods. Now it appeared to be a performance venue of sorts. I admired the dinginess of it all. In the front were several worn sofas facing a low stage. In the back was a set of arcade games, complete with miniature bowling alley and racecar booths.
In the middle was a bar with and a neon sign that that read “The Virtual”. I followed Sarina, as she greeted the barkeep.

“Hey Frank.”

“Is that Sarina? How have you been love? We’ve missed you, I’ve missed you. How long’s it been, few months hasn’t it?
You working these days?”

“Six. Yeah, its okay.”

“Things are just great around here. No more pin-up shows, it’s all about the music, you know? Just great, never a dull moment. But you know how it is.” Frank looked to me then back at her. “Where’s Ronny?”

Sarina paused. “Give me a couple margaritas. Feeling fruity today.”

“Sure. You know he’s playing tonight don’t you?”

“Yeah.”

“You kids, I never thought you two would—” Frank looked at me again. “Well, here you go.” He handed her the drinks and we sat down in a pair of racecar seats.

I took a sip and forced myself to swallow what tasted like spoilt lemonade. I must admit that I have never been a fan of alcoholic beverages, but I sensed that Sarina needed a drinking partner. With no small effort, I started a conversation.

“So that man he was talking about, Ronny, is he a musician? You must be a big fan to come here on a weeknight. And to bring me along! I am honored to share this experience with you.”

Sarina did not respond. Sitting in her racecar seat, she stared at the stage, thumbing a small bag of coins. A group of longhaired men went about setting up microphones and amplifiers. The guitarist gave his instrument a distorted strum. He must have thought that the high volume levels would disguise the poor sound quality of the venue, but I was not fooled. Sarina looked back at the video screen and deposited several quarters into the machine.

“Let’s play.”

I was quite confident that I would win, as I was certain that Sarina did not drive. Needless to say, I was surprised at how readily she defeated me. She inserted more quarters, and we went at it again.

We continued like this for several matches. The cars were hardly realistic. I doubted that any automotive suspension could handle jumps even half the height we subjected our vehicles to. I mentioned this to Sarina in jest, but she did not seem to notice. After my fifth consecutive loss, I set it upon myself to win. It had not taken long for me to assess the alternative physics of the video game, and as I crossed the finish line, I looked toward Sarina with a confident grin. But to my dismay, I realized that she had already left her seat. What a fool I had been not to notice her leave. I quickly stood up and spotted her in front of the stage at the edge of a growing crowd.

I approached her slowly and followed her gaze. She was clutching her bag of quarters and eyeing a man that appeared to be the singer. His blond hair was greasy and tied back. The wiry man paced the stage with a microphone, swaying his shoulders with an air of determined toughness.

Then Sarina was off, slipping through the crowd with an effortless grace. As she pushed past the front row, the blonde haired man noticed her advance. His eyes opened wide and his shoulders rolled back. He stumbled on the small stage, knocking into band equipment. With another step, Sarina was in front of him. She shouted profanities that I will not repeat. With a violence unexpected, yet natural to her, she stood eye to eye with the man. Quarters in hand, she swung a fist at his jaw and knocked him off his feet. For a moment she was on top of him swinging her arms about.

Sarina stood up and gave look to the other members. Not one approached. The thin man lay crumpled on the floor. She said to him, “Good to see you Ronny.” And then walked off the stage to me. “It’s time to go now.”

She linked her arm in mine and we walked out together.
