---
layout: post
title: "Once on the lips, still somewhat on the lips"
description: "Hiking Carson Pass a couple summers ago, I made a startling discovery about trailmix."
categories: writing nonfiction
tags: travel
---
__Awake before sunrise__ on a Saturday morning, there was no doubt that we were in charge of our lives. In a show of mastery over time, space, and any sense of urgency, we would soon spend hours in the comfort of the car in order to reach the place that pleased us best: the trailhead at 5000 feet.

Before our departure, we filled our packs with bottled water and trail mix. Unbeknownst to us, we broke the primary rule of hiking snacks and added an entire bag of chocolate chips to our zip-locked assortment of fruits and nuts (the trail mix must never contain chocolate. A single chip appears harmless, but within it lays a path to disappointment. The overly sweet goodness becomes the final goal, and all almonds, raisins, and cashews are cast aside. The beauty of gentle flavor is overwhelmed, inhibiting pleasure at each bite that is anything not chocolate).

Upon arrival, our feet met the solid flatness of pavement, a transition between the weightlessness of seated transportation and the ragged paths on the mighty trek ahead. Toward the path, with dotted-line routes in mind, we stepped upon the dust, compressed with the imprints of ten thousand hikers before us. At every stride, we kept the destination in mind: the summit, that constant goal, recreating itself at each hillcrest. Just a little further toward the next horizon, and perhaps, this time we'll be on top.

Each time we reached a crest we would break for trail mix, and enjoy the sights earned along the last leg of the trail. We ate quickly, in battle over chocolate chips to balance the bland array of salted fruits and nuts. At each stop, the chocolates diminished, and our eating became more frantic as we spilled nuts and raisins in search of something better. We then looked up and saw the next crest and continued onwards, forgetting each step in anticipation for the next.

Why do we exhaust ourselves repeatedly, just to feel a longing dissatisfaction in the face of another crest, which may or may not be the destination?

At the summit, there are flower blooms, a two-foot forest of green stalks upon green stalks, supporting orange and purple stars. Lying down, we looked up at the sunlight filtered by orange petals, and felt the blossoms fill with the energy of fusion. We were forced to look away for fear of blindness, unsure if it was caused by the beauty or bright intensity of the saturated flowers. Between two narrow stems of shiny green we saw the white-capped mounds come into focus as the green stems fade into periphery. Beyond the meadow lay silver peaks beyond, in lands satisfyingly unreachable. We had reached the final goal, a union of map-based destination and height-based satisfaction. We set out amid images and descriptions in order to see for ourselves, and most importantly, to earn the experience with our feet. Sitting together, we enjoyed the final bag of trail mix. There was not a chip in sight.