---
layout: post
title: "Striving for the Best"
categories: writing fiction
description: "A short story"
tags: featured
---

Al sits at the table in the afternoon sun. Dried milk and sugar condense in ring around his cereal bowl. Al is holding a laminated square of paper. It reads:

Stanislaus County Library

Ryan Anderson

Ryan pays the rent, and sleeps in the bedroom. Al sleeps in the living room on a mattress on the floor. Al doesn't pay for much. But he does what he can.

Al is up, ready for the day. This place is a mess. He picks up the bowl, and brings it to the sink. It’s hard to get this milk gunk off. He waits for the hot water.

*

Every year Al’s mom would take Al to the Stan-county carnival. Al's favorite game involved minature horses that moved forward whenever you made a rubber ball in the hole.

“See? It’s twenty-one points to win. The trick is to follow the ball with your wrist. That way, you always make ball in the 3pt-hole, and your horse wins”

“Yes, honey.”

Each time he won, Al handed his prize token to his mother. She placed it in a tupperware container with the rest of
them, for safekeeping. When Ms. Jansen hit the big five-Oh, Al traded in his tokens for a portable DVD player and gave it to her so that she could watch her favorite movies wherever she was.

*

Al uses his fingernails to scrape at the remaining milk gunk. It clouds in the warm water. He places the bowl face down on a rag on the counter.

Now the table is bare, except for a pack of cigarettes and that laminated card. Al picks up the pack and opens it. The foil paper is annoying, so he removes it and then closes the pack. He puts it away in the cupboard, next to the matches where it belongs.

Al rolls the cigarette foil between thumb and forefinger. It reminds him of a chewing gum wrapper. Something to keep the fingers busy while satisfying an oral fixation. It’s important to keep busy.

As a child, Al collected things. He collected round stones and brown leaves and small twigs. Al kept each collection in a plastic box. One night Al's mom came home to find a twig and pebble forest in a baking pan. He sure was proud of himself that night.

The foil paper has started to crumble into little pieces. The pieces fall onto the floor. Al is on his knees, picking each one up individually. Don’t want to make a mess of this place. He opens the fridge and then closes it again. He walks to the bathroom. Now he’s at the bathroom mirror.

Damn nose hair, I’m gonna get you. Al pinches the hair and pulls hard. His eyes are shut and his jaw is clenched. He winces for a moment.

Al sneezes. The hair is out. The front door clicks and twists open. Al is still in the bathroom. He leans out to see who's coming in. As Ryan enters, he sees Al leaning out the bathroom doorway. Al grins.

“Yo, what's up Ryan.”

“Are you pissing?”

“Look ma, no hands.”

Ryan put the groceries on the table. He picked up the card.

“How’s studying? Go to the library today?”

“Didn’t get the chance. How’s work?”

“It's great. We're working on Stan county, like as a whole. Working on a new campaign to revamp the whole valley appeal. You know, billboards and websites and shit.”

“Nice.”

“Yeah man I’m real excited. Ciggy?”

“Sure. Left cupboard.”

Al and Ryan are sitting on the curb outside their apartment.

“Is this what you thought you’d be doing?”

“Smoking?”

“No, like for work.”

“I don’t think I ever thought about it. Who woulda guessed that I’d be the one working? But I mean I’ve made a name for myself at Pacific. It’s like a real job, you know?”

“Yeah, but what next? It’s hopeless, it’s here. Trying to make hype calling itself Pacific. This isn’t the Pacific coast, it’s the fucking central valley.”

“Have any better plans?”

“We need to think big man. Keep building up and prepping and moving up. Everything leading to the next thing.”

“Talk to me when you get your GED.”

“It’ll happen okay.”

“So what do you want to do when you grow up sonny?”

Al picks at his thumbnail.

“So I’m thinking of this banner for the county website. So imagine a picture of a nice building, glass and windows, local business shit, right? Then in yellow print, Striving to be the best. In the heart of central California.”

That’s what I’ve always done, thinks Al.