---
layout: post
title: "YHTB 1: Jet lag Lah!"
description: "Nap at 6, sleep at 11, wake at 5:30? Who would have thought I was a morning person? With so much dawnlight time, there’s so much yoga, reading, tea, and decompressionary writing to do."
categories: blog
tags: travel
---

> Nap at 6, sleep at 11, wake at 5:30? Who would have thought I was a morning person? With so much dawnlight time, there’s so much yoga, reading, tea, and decompressionary writing to do.

Well, turns out that I didn’t have work yesterday! Went to the building and the front desk let me up, but the office itself was closed. Someone should have told me that the Dragon Boat festival was a national holiday. Super duper indignent and stuff.

The French Concession area seems to be where people go to bars.It's very green, with lots of white people and big houses.

Also visited Lu Xun park (Lu Xun is probably China’s most famous modern author, who played a role in kicking off the Chinese literature movement in the 1910s and onward, during and after the May 4th Movement. I’m currently finishing a [spoken translation of one of his stories][diary-madman].

__On passing people on the street.__
There are three types of people that I pass on the streets: 

Chinese-blank  
Those who glance at me with blank, seemingly disapproving looks; 

Chinese-friendly  
Those who glance over and either smile or laugh upon making eye-contact (these are the ones to practice speaking with); 

Western-awkward  
Those who seem to neither expect nor know what to do upon passing, and usually avoid eye contact. This is due to two conflicting feelings: it’s an infringement on that all-important authentic experience (whatever that is); it’s a a nod to a fellow in a strange place. In the former, that "real China” is damaged a bit, as it becomes either a tourist destination or a real place with real people both Chinese and not, living out their lives (as opposed to the alien world that we have come to  to observe). This is a bit of a bubble-burster, and creates a bit of enmity between Western passers-by. Yet the latter impulse, that of camaraderie, prevents any grumbles, glares, or shoulder-checks. Here is someone who you can speak to, another other, wandering this strange place, waiting for a nod or wink, a sign that you’re both in on this expat inside joke. So yeah, internal conflicts and such.

At least that’s my guess as to why side-walk run-ins with white people seem kind of odd around here.

[diary-madman]: /writing/poetry/2014/05/16/diary-of-a-madman/