---
layout: post
title: "YHTB 2: The End of Cooking"
description: "Yesterday consisted of naught but work and food. It’s not that work is so long, but that my after-dinner “power nap” lasted until 6am this morning! So much my grand plans of foreign-counrty super productivity. Need to combat jet lag a bit more because I refuse to take 10 hours a night when there’s so much to do around here."
categories: blog
tags: travel
---

__There was an early morning incident.__
Large crowd of people outside the window, I could hear them. Finally checked it out to see an old man getting pushed by a young man and being forced to sit down. Apparently the old man had done something wrong, because no one objected to this rough treatment. People gathered, shouted, and looked around until the police showed up. The man smoked a cigarette as the cop stood above him, I was filming at the time, unsure whether to look at the screen or the real life in front of me. 

__The black hole of home.__
The only productive time at home is in the morning—I’m working within a crunch, racing to finish whatever it is I’m doing before I need to leave for work work. After I get back, it’s all over: exhaustion, hunger, and the desire for just a little nap. But it is also a problem of dress. I can’t be wandering the streets in wool pants and button-downs, and have no desire to sit in coffee shops with business clothes intact. Next goal? Go home, change, and get back outside, at least out there spontaneous sleep will be embarrassing enough to delay such thoughts of power naps.

__On lychee.__
They are phenomenally better here than back home. The seeds are 1/4 the size, and the fruit is larger. And the taste. It is very hard to resist eating whole bundles of them (sold in bundled branches). They’re also relatively pricey. 2-3 servings cost the same as 2-3 dinners, about $5 USD. 

__The end of cooking?__
Prepared food here is incredible cheap. Even with free ingredients, I’d have to value my time at about $3/hour in order to justify the time it takes to cook. Each meal (at little local shops) is about $2 per dish. If I’m very hungry I’ll order two things, but this is usually a bit too much to eat comfortably. And it’s all so good. So this may be a break in my cooking habit. With the price of labor here, the difference between raw ingredients and prepared meals is just too small to justify it (and, unlike American “cuisine,” I am unable to pull off the great meals I’ve had just on this block)