---
layout: post
title: "YHTB 3: Oh Boy Restaurant"
description: "Can I have a beef-something-noodle and something-something-noodle-dish? Yeah, wait no, that second one! Thanks (吃这个牛肉什么面和这个什么什么面菜。对，不是，那个那个！好谢谢)"
categories: blog
tags: travel
---

> Can I have a beef-something-noodle and something-something-noodle-dish? Yeah, wait no, that second one! Thanks (吃这个牛肉什么面和这个什么什么面菜。对，不是，那个那个！好谢谢)

__Food food food__

Yesterday I learned that 饨(dun), translated in my app as “Chinese ravioli” (which I clearly avoided, as I cannot imagine such a thing being good), is actually the “ton” of “wonton.” In other words, the big section of the menu I had been avoiding was just a list of different kinds of wonton soup! So, I ordered a bowl and it was, as expected, amazing.

A bit of background on the restaurant scene here—there are four restaurants within one minute from my apartment (stretch that walk by three minutes and we cover my block, with at least a dozen more). Note that by restaurant, I mean living-room sized shop with small tables and stools. Despite their size, each place has huge menus, the size of any we’d see in the states, 75% of which I have a hard time reading. 

The first is the “boa zi”/包子 place, from whom I buy 2-3 steamed buns every morning for breakfast (at US$0.20 apiece!). At night, my top choices are the nearby "Lanzhou La Mian" (Lanzhou pulled noodles), rice porridge house, or snack house. The first specializes in hand-pulled and hand-cut beef noodle soups as well as other Chinese-Muslim inspired food, the second in more congees than I could every eat, and the last in chicken/duck platters and wonton soup. 

Everyone is automatically friendlier when I speak to them in Chinese. Slowly but surely, I’m learning more dishes. I’ve pretty much exhausted the ones that I could read from the start, so my orders usually sound like “Can I have a beef-something-noodle and something-something-noodle-dish? Yeah, wait no, that second one! (吃这个牛肉什么面和这个什么什么面菜。对，不是，那个那个！好谢谢。)

I’ve been trying to build a rapport with the employees at the little food shops. Ma Liang at the Halal place is especially friendly. Every day, he's pulling noodles and getting buff, greeting me with a smile and an exaggerated NI HAO. During my first several days of acclimation/near-food-poisoning, he'd shrug off my problems, take a drag of his cigarette, and advise me to get more exercise, pulling noodles or something.