---
layout: post
title: Owl Team
categories: writing fiction
description: "Ladies and gentlemen, I’ve gathered you here today, to discuss a matter of great importance. He gestured to his left, where stood a large box some four foot across, with contents obscured by a California King-sized bed sheet."
tags: featured
---

The machine in question arrived on a Tuesday. Its announcement was delayed until the following Friday, as to allow for the adjustment of schedules.

Antonio Rivas, Tony that is, tapped his fingers upon the podium.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I’ve gathered you here today, to discuss a matter of great importance.” He gestured to his left, where stood a large box some four foot across, with contents obscured by a California King-sized bed sheet. “When I look around at you I see more than a room of brilliant minds. I see the foundation, the bedrock team—those that have made Heraldtz & Cooper what it is today.” He surveyed the front row of expert developers, all of them Owl Team.

Sid Allen Purewell glanced up to meet his supervisor’s eyes as he furiously scribbled B-E-D-R-O-C-K into his notepad. An all-hands meeting was no trivial affair to be sure, and no less an opportunity to position oneself in close proximity to none other than Deborah Wilson, the newest member of the Research and Development group affectionately known as Owl Team. He often noticed her tendency to rest company standard pens along the pout of her lower lip in a gesture that bespoke bright-eyed interest, not to mention an unawareness of one’s body that Sid could not help but replay in his mind while laying alone in his Santana Row apartment on most weeknights.

Tony looked next upon Ishita Gray, who had arrived a full ten minutes early in order to save a front seat spot for her good friend Deborah, a woman whose youthful brilliance could sometimes distract her (Debbie, that is) from those matters of the day-to-day such as meetings, nutrition, and extended trips to the restroom which the women of Owl Team relished as an escape from the often overwhelming Task Queue at Heraldtz &c.

Now Debbie was not the kind of gal to take any shit from these office jerkoffs. This wasn’t San Jose State anymore. She’d transferred up to bigger and better things, finishing top of her class at her new and improved alma mater. Good enough to land her a high-paying gig in the city, a temporary gig that had lasted well over a year now and was beginning to look like a career. A career doing what exactly, she was still unsure, but Tony had better damn well get on with this because there was work to do, thought Debbie as she pressed her tongue against the metallic tip of her pen. Yep, graduated top just to come to this shithole with the likes of Raymond Phillips in the break room leaning in close to reassert that dominance she’d accidentally given into that night during orientation week when no one looked at her in the eyes while speaking of unimpressive accomplishments and all she could do was to smile and nod as if she knew what it was she searching for.

Tony continued, “Now, we stand at the forefront of technology-based consulting. As your division manager, I’ll be the first to say that it’s been a roller coaster of a fiscal year.”

Sid may not have known Ray personally, but he had certainly heard enough to know all there was to know about Raymond Phillips. Ray had been with Heraldtz & Cooper since the beginning and was one of the few internal transfers to join the ranks of Owl Team R&D. He was often seen speaking with their boss Tony, behind the glass-lined conference rooms that headed the 20th floor suite’s Open Layout seating arrangement. He’d say, “Look. You know what gets my panties wet? It’s the goddamn synergy we’ve got. Antonio, I know it isn’t protocol, but we need this. Debbie’s new to the company. It’s her first week. Let’s show her what it’s like on Owl Team. Let’s go out on the company tab, to welcome our new baby owl. It’s the pat-on-the-back pick-me-up we’ve all been waiting for.” With that, Ray gave Tony a double high-fiver and promptly took the long way back to his desk, carefully timing his walk as to brush past Debbie who had at that point just joined the team and was, as Ray put it, ripe to be picked.

“Which is why we have decided to bring you something special,” continued Tony. “Ray, my boy, can you give me a hand with this?”

Ishita gently elbowed Debbie, who was close to dozing off. The poor overworked soul! She and Debbie would need to have a girl talk after lunch. We ladies of Owl Team have worked our whole lives to be where we are, she’d say, but don’t let the old boy’s club get to your head. We’re a team, and working all night doesn’t get you any closer to what you’re looking for my friend. No please, call me Izzy. I know I’m old enough to be your auntie but gosh darn-it don’t feel like you need to call me misses! She gave Debbie another prod.
Debbie raised an eyebrow. If whats-her-name bitchface didn’t quit poking her soon she’d give her an aneurism, whatever that was. That would give Ray something to talk about. Ray stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Tony, both men holding corners of the white sheet counting the seconds until the big reveal. His dumb face was fixed on Debbie’s. She rolled her eyes to meet his as the men pulled back the bed sheet.

“A brand new espresso machine!” Tony was ecstatic. The crowd rose with a roar of applause, with the exception of Sid, Debbie, and Ishita. As Ishita pleaded with Debbie to stand up and join in the celebration, Sid scrawled furiously on his notepad, crossing out his first couple attempts before settling with E-X-P-R-E-S-S-O.

Sid admired the machine’s four LCD displays marketed for Ease-Of-Use and It-Just-Works functionality. To a less perceptive individual, such an appliance would indeed appear to be a major feat of human accomplishment and an altogether suitable addition to the offices of Heraldtz &c. Such an addition could deliver a boost in both morale and norepinephrine not unseemlier to other sources of pleasure such as successful conversation and lewd fantasies held in staff meetings or extended bathroom breaks.

Yet under few circumstances would such an individual perceive the second and third order consequences of the appliance in question. Namely, its role in the deterioration of the office politique due to black-box phenomena in which even the craftiest specialists of Owl Team would be unable to discern the root cause of its biweekly malfunction wherein the machine would simply refuse to work and display an error screen for the caffeine dependent workforce which could only be addressed by a certified 3rd-party expert or perhaps one of the more gifted engineers had he not been lacking his daily Cup O’Joe in the first place.  At which point Raymond Phillips would undoubtedly convince Tony to simply outsource the more mundane tasks of the day, perhaps even entire systems of client relationship management suites, thus freeing the employees of Heraldtz &c to get on with the tasks at hand while relegating their already delicate infrastructure to a faraway IT department, such that nobody within ten thousand miles could directly access and repair the simplest of problems. This, of course prompting the revelation of an entrenched bitterness that under regular conditions would have been masked by the busywork readily handled by internal problem solvers essential to a functional workplace.

Ishita gave up her pleading and stood to join the others. Debbie turned to the only other person still sitting.

“Dude Sid, you’re shaking. What’s up?”

“We cannot. We must let this happen!”

“You’ve got that right. And you’ve got to be the only sane person in this room. I need some air. Want to get out of here?”

“They don’t understand. We have got to tell them that this is a terrible mistake.”

“Look, I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Come on.” Debbie led Sid by the arm to the stairwell.

**

“How long have you worked here again?” asked Debbie.

“Four years,” Sid held up his fingers.

“Four years,” she sighed. Four years and for years and years.

“What are we doing here?”

“Well you brought me out of the All Hands Meeting, and I was just about to talk to Mr. Tony Rivas about…well I was thinking that—”

“Okay don’t go on to me about Tony’s dog and pony show. I’m talking about our lives here. I mean I joined Heraldtz last spring and I’ll tell you I was sold.”

“Of course, it’s Owl Team. We’re the best and the brightest. There’s nothing better.”

“What are you even saying? We’re literally doing nothing.”

Sid reached out to Debbie’s hand. “Debbie, I really must be going. I have a matter of utmost urgency that must be dealt with immediately.”

Sid let go of Deborah Wilson’s soft hand. He reentered the conference room. Its carpet was made of reclaimed synthetic. It was laid in modular squares, as to allow for quick replacement in the case of spills.
