---
layout: post
title: "A Casual Courier"
categories: writing fiction
description: "Despite the titillating effects of more exotic items, Richard was in no way dissatisfied with the package on his lap as he road the first peak hour Metro-North train from his hometown of Ossining to the City."
tags:
---

Despite the titillating effects of more exotic items, Richard was in no way dissatisfied with the package on his lap as he road the first peak hour Metro-North train from his hometown of Ossining to the City. His current package was mundane, which was not unwelcome in the aftermath of recent tragedies that surrounded what Richard referred to as the parcel in question. He was in fact comfortable or ’at ease’ with his current package contents, a quadruple set of 3-inch snow globes, each cast as one of the four annual seasons (substituting snow with bumble bees, dew drops, and auburn foliage in accordance to the tenets of the corresponding clime), as a sentimental token or reminder of a long-forgotten innocence free of loneliness and priorities common to an upper middle class single male, and individually wrapped in Styrofoam subsections that made up the solid yet lightweight interior of the cardboard package with a hand-written sticker on top that read:

>    To:
>        My Dear Grandson Mr. Joshua Ormond
>        270 Bedford Avenue
>       Apt. 2A
>        Brooklyn, NY 11249


In providing an address, the elder Mrs. Ormond betrayed her unfamiliarity with the terms of their agreement, but Richard did not mind re-explaining these terms to his septuagenarian client as he gently reminded her that he would in fact transfer or ‘hand off’ the parcel to the inscribed Grandson at the Station, and that in fact no direct address would be necessary although it would be quite alright to leave one attached for peace of mind or as bulwark against unforeseen events. However, he informed her, under no likely circumstances would Richard place his schedule on hold for anyone by hand delivering a parcel, not even in the name of the CC services that he had pioneered.

By 2001, Richard Teldon had single-handedly inspired the online popularization of casual courier services, prompting the creation of a new sub-category on Craigslist among other major websites to fill the gap between Personals and Freelance Jobs. Such success, of course, required a series of fortunate accidents of geography and timing that allowed for the spread of CC services throughout the lower Hudson Valley to offer clients cost-effective services both to and from City as well as small compensations for commuters in both directions, in a scheme that would have gained traction the world over by expanding via air travel, had not the taboo of such activities been exposed as a result of a September Day of Infamy and the ensuing mail-based attacks. The success of CC services nonetheless stemmed from the initial efforts performed by none other than Richard himself to serve the dual purpose of furthering his first step toward purchasing properties in his town which were severely undervalued due to their proximity to a certain maximum security correctional facility, as well as satisfying his voyeuristic tendencies in a manner harmless to society though not entirely ethical.

The choice of packing materials often denoted the social status of a client and Richard, through his carnal deconstructions of client packages, had developed a strong intuition tempered by the materials and/or handwritten notes left by senders. Both those professionally and hap-hazardously wrapped in name-brand boxes and padded with Styrofoam pellets clearly belonged to the wealthy who no longer trusted in public mail services for transporting mildly illicit and NSFW items to whom Richard marketed his services to as a luxury. Next were the carefully done but clearly non-professional parcels indicative of the middle or ‘suburban’ class whose mundane bibliophilic contents were only as enjoyable as the personal messages left on the flyleaf. What Richard was most proud of was his recently gained ability to discern the subtle differences between the environmentally conscious and the poor or ‘ethnic’ classes (he did so through a careful examination of the variety of magazines, newspapers, and junk mail used to cushion their ramshackle packages, noting the presence or absense of Sierra Club pleas and fast food restaurant coupons) both of which he disdained, but had made efforts to embrace in hopes of rounding out his client portfolio.

Richard was never one to hold unfounded grudges against others and referred to those seated around him as pleasant companions with whom he took every opportunity to explain the well-packaged boxes that he regularly transported between suburban and urban environs as products of a logical optimization in the routine of any member of the commuting class. Richard observed a poor or 'ethnic' mother breathe heavily as she shifted her bulk to board the train and push an infant stroller into a clearing toward the middle of the train car, immediately behind a white couple dressed in the matching gray professional attire of the upper-suburban class. The mother directed a dispirited hush at the whimpering bundle in the stroller. She then left the bundle to find a seat several rows back, much to the chagrin of Richard, who was forced to squeeze over as the heavy-set woman’s exposed shoulders heaved across the boundary of what he referred to as his ‘personal bubble’. The gray-suited man in front of the stroller shook his head and the woman presumed to be the man’s young wife offered Richard a strained smile before turning her eyes to the infant in the stroller who had begun to cry loudly.

It was not as if Richard’s violation of privacy had ever impacted a client or addressee in any major way and, in his one flight of weakness, had he not been so shocked as to forget to reseal the waxed instruction manual, neither party would have been the wiser. Richard had been hard on himself for his failure to handle the parcel in question. But, he reminded himself, the period of publicly posted warnings against about the contents of strange parcels as well as the general paranoia around the Postal Service had yet to take hold in the USA, so he could not blamed too harshly for his actions or lack thereof.

The parcel in question had been of the third, ramshackle class, though at the time Richard had been unable to ascertain as to which sub-group it belonged to, even after opening the wax-sealed envelope and stared open-mouthed for a full thirty seconds at the instruction manual’s diagram with a circled ‘3a’, indicating the proper alignment of the detonator, after which he hurriedly dropped the envelope into the ragged box and did not even remove the metal artifact from its container, reasoning that it was better to leave well enough alone, and remarking to himself that it had been the first time that he did not enjoy or ‘get off on’ this invasion of privacy that he so looked forward to each day. Richard had been unsettled by this lack of interest as he handed off the parcel in question to its recipient, but handed it nonetheless without further question.

The dampness of the ethnic mother’s elbows left spots on Richard’s pressed shirt as she learned forward to rest her forehead on the seat in front of her and proceeded to fall asleep as saliva collected on her lower lip. When the movement of the train caused the stroller to roll toward the aisle, Richard noticed the smartly dressed wife reposition its handle as to wedge it behind a seat. The crying stopped momentarily and then restarted, which prompted the young woman to turn around and sit with her knees on the seat to face the stroller in attempt to appease the baby with various distortions of her otherwise pretty face.

The infant continued to cry in spite of the efforts of the gray suited wife, who quickly lost enthusiasm. She raised her eyes to the ethnic mother beside Richard and stared as if to penetrate the crown of the sleeping woman’s head as it rested on the seat in front of her. Richard tilted his own head down at the parcel and mouthed the words of its address to himself while keeping the frightening woman’s gaze in his upper peripheries. Her stare did not cease until an announcement for Yonkers cued the husband to place his hand on the wife who turned back with such ferocity as to make him slide several inches lower in his seat as the wife apologized and whispered to him. The couple stood before the train came to a full and complete stop and the wife reached down toward the infant whose cries died down with human proximity. The wife bounced the baby in her arms and said something to her husband as he rubbed her shoulder and smiled. 

Richard rubbed his palms against his pant legs and coughed into his shirt. He had never intended harm with his inaction regarding the parcel in question. In the aftermath, he had avoided sleep by watching twenty-four hour cable news coverage of what had been deemed an attack against America. The list of victims was updated hourly until the print was too small to read, at which time the network provided a url address to an interactive list on its website. When Richard did sleep, his dreams consisted of a looped succession of images. His hands unpacked and repacked the contents of the parcel in question with meticulous detail. As each loop completed, it paused on an image of the package label which, instead of the original recipient's name, contained the name of the lastest victim broadcast via televised or web-based media sources.

The train came to a halt and the sleeping woman’s saliva pooled on her jeans without Richard’s notice. Richard stared at the couple as the wife invited her husband to coddle the infant.

Richard stood. His package shook in his hands.

He said in a firm voice, “That is not your baby.” 

The couple smiled at him and walked toward the doorway. 

He threw his package to the floor, wincing at the sound of broken snowglobes.

Richard, pointing his finger, repeated the statement louder, "That is not your baby."

He woke the fat woman to his side who looked around in confusion for several seconds as the couple stepped out onto the platform and the train doors closed. The woman moved her weight with an unexpected vigor. Those frozen in the train compartment watched as she tore into the stroller’s empty blankets and turned her gaze through the glass of the closed doors at the woman clutching her baby close and smiling as the train accelerated, knocking the heavy woman to her knees as she cried at God for her child and threw her arms upward toward the steel casing of the electro-diesel locomotive.
