---
layout: post
title: "Abbess Yin"
description: "He picked up a piece of cabbage and placed it in Abbess Yin's mouth."
categories: writing fiction
tags: featured
---

Abbess Yin watched from inside the car as Mr. Zhu posed for another photo. The abbess rolled down her window and inhaled the humid air. The photographer, who was also their driver, directed Mr. Zhu to pose as if he were leaning against the distant mountains. Abbess Yin stepped out to admire the scene. Mr. Zhu did not wear a suit. His buttoned shirt and khaki pants hung loose on his wiry frame. The afternoon sky was white behind the green of the rice fields.

“Thanks John,” said Mr. Zhu, “I hope you didn’t use too much film.”

“You never know when you’ll get the perfect shot,” the young man beamed.

Mr. Zhu turned to Abbess Yin, “What do you think of this place?”

“It’s still not right,” said the abbess, “we should keep going.”

The three reentered the gray 1987 Volkswagen Santana. John Liu sat at the wheel and placed his camera on the passenger seat. Mr. Zhu helped Abbess Yin into the back.

Despite her years of travel, Abbess Yin was not used to traveling with men. Since taking her vows at the age of sixteen, she had lived exclusively with women. She was the head of a group of ritual masters who performed Daoist ceremonies at temples and community centers. The nuns of Yin’s troupe were renowned for their musical tours across the Yellow River Valley.

“When is your next tour?” said Mr. Zhu.

“There’s nothing scheduled for now,” said the abbess. “I’ve been so busy looking over the temple reconstruction. The permit process has been tough, they’re delaying us every step of the way. So we have a couple groups of nuns going out for community rites, but there’s really no time for anything big.”

“Do you get a lot of tourists out there?”

“We don’t like to distinguish between tourists and non-tourists.”

“You can’t expect things to work out on donations alone. It’s the countryside, people don’t even have enough for themselves. You should welcome the foreigners.”

“Next you’re going to tell us to start selling incense and fortunes.”

“Believe me, I hate talking about money. But I’ve been doing this for a long time. You need permits? Talk to the the Bureau of Tourism.”

John whistled through his teeth and pretended not to notice it when Mr. Zhu’s knees knocked against his seat. John met Mr. Zhu while evangelizing at a McDonalds in Shanghai. The newly built restaurant sat two hundred families of three. The upper floor had movable tables and chairs. Various groups had claimed spaces by pushing tables together into booths for meditation and religious study. Mr. Zhu approached John’s bible study group in a three piece suit and addressed anyone who would listen, “Young comrades, join me and follow the Dao; together we can revitalize the true Chinese religion.” That evening, John ate his hamburger meal with Zhu Tieyu.

John slowed the car as they approached a small town and stopped for lunch at a restaurant with gray cement walls.

They sat at a small table across from a young couple with a baby. John and Mr. Zhu ate beef noodle soup. Abbess Yin drank just tea. She asked Mr. Zhu about how he first came to know Daoism. John made faces at the baby. He couldn’t tell if it was a boy or a girl.

John ate quickly and rose to greet the young family. They reminded him of his own, whom he hadn’t seen for weeks of being on the road. The couple was friendly, although he had a hard time understanding their accent.

"Is it a boy or a girl?” asked John.

"A girl, this is Little Mei"

"She's cute, and her eyes are so big. Just like my little boy."

"That's our Mei. What brings you way out here?"

"I'm working, just passing through."

"We're riding out West to see her parents," the man smiled at his wife, "and what kind of work do you do?"

"I'm a driver, some other things too. I work for that man over there," John pointed at Mr. Zhu. "He's a famous businessman, you know."

"What would a famous businessman be doing in a place like this?"

"Eating, mostly. He's a patron of the Dao. We are looking for the perfect location for his latest Daoist retreat center."

"Oh," said the husband.

"And who is that woman?" Asked the man's wife.

"An abbess from a monastery out East. Mr. Zhu believes that she can detect the scent of sacred locations. They call her Abbess Yin."

Across the room, the abbess listened as Mr. Zhu went on about his rediscovery of the Daoist tradition. He described his keenly developed intuition, that the power of the Dao resided in his flat nose. He smelled his way to the biggest real estate deal of his life. But that wasn't important anymore, because Mr. Zhu had found a new calling: reviving the faith which had brought him so much good fortune. The abbess smiled.

Mr. Zhu ate his soup and Abbess Yin drank her tea in silence. The abbess reached across the table and rested her finger on the rim of Mr. Zhu's bowl. Mr. Zhu fumbled with his chopsticks. He picked up a piece of cabbage and placed it in Abbess Yin's mouth. The abbess closed her eyes and chewed her cabbage. When she opened them, she looked up to see the young woman from across the room, baby at her breast.

"Abbess...Yin?" The woman’s eyes were wide.

For a moment, Abbess Yin stood and watched the woman and child. The woman was young enough to be her daughter.

"Abbess Yin, it's you!"she said, "You performed at my wedding just over a year ago. The way you and those nuns moved and sang, and the instruments, I've never seen anything like it in my life."

"Yes, I remember," the abbess lied.

"Well I was wondering, maybe it'd be weird but, would you bless my baby?"

The abbess smiled and directed the woman to hand the baby to Mr. Zhu, who knelt in position.
Using red and gold ribbons, she attached bells to various locations along her braided hair, wrists, and ankles. The abbess revealed a horsehair brush and used the remnants of her tea to write stylized characters on the floor at eight points around the businessman as he clutched the infant. She knelt and stood and turned in circles as she hummed a high-pitched melody.

The ritual concluded and the abbess returned the baby to the woman, who thanked her for her service.

The abbess held out her hands and said, “And could you find it in your heart, little sister, to help an old woman in need?" John took a photo of the women as she searched her pockets for change.
