---
layout: post
title: "Male, seeking employer who will love me"
description: "A short story about working and quitting in new york."
categories: writing fiction
tags: featured
---

> Subject: M4E (Male, seeking employer who will love me)
> Well-endowed 24YO seeking mutual business arrangement. Above average sense of humor, retains multiple interests. Willing to meet on respondent’s terms as designated by reply. All letters answered with photo.
> --MW

> Subject: RE: M4E (Male, seeking employer who will love me)
> Hi Mark. Writing on behalf of FST. May have job 4 U. 
> --LD.

Mark Wyatt ignored the only reply to his Personals posting. “Great, an auto-responder,” he shrugged and sat back against the couch.

It was Sunday afternoon, a time for mourning. Mark’s boyfriend Teddy admired their living room. Several plastic bags, a styrofoam container of half eaten chicken-over-rice, and an open can of diet coke occupied the left section of the coffee table. Mark’s laptop occupied the right. The middle contained an array of fluorescent candy wrappers highlighted with bits of pastry crumbs and filling.

Teddy picked up an apple core. “You see this? It’s because I’m a healthy motherfucker.”

“You’re a fruit, that’s what you are. A fruit with a nice butt.”
Mark moved his computer to his lap and propped his feet in its place. He reopened an email from Friday.

“Fucking Manny is a legend.”

Teddy swiped a handful of wrappers into the styrofoam container. He found an unopened condom and pocketed it.

“Manny’s this guy from work, he quit Friday. Can you believe it?”

Teddy looked up. “What, you mean an analyst?”

“Yeah, he was in my class. Not even a year in.”

Teddy sat next to Mark and leaned on his shoulder. “Holy shit. Does he have to pay back his signing bonus?”

“He wrote this crazy long email. I didn’t even read the whole thing but he CC’d everyone in our class and some associates. He even CC’d my MD.”

“Did anyone respond?” Teddy stroked the back of Mark’s neck. “You’re always complaining about how they treat you there. Does this change anything?”

“I dunno, let’s just read it.” They read from Mark’s screen:

To My Friends at Good ’Ol Morgenstern, LLC:

My name is Emmanuel Kreiber. I’m 5’10” and hairy, but I clean up real nice. You probably know me by my cube over by the snack room. I’m the one in the suit who eats candy because I hate my job. Well, I quit. And this is the story of why:

Remember training? What a time. I can hardly express how good it felt to be the only liberal arts graduate among you all. Remember those burnt out TTS “professionals” spreading the joy of banking to us? Are we still the newest generation of high performance professionals? Those were the days. All the sleep and booze and sex we wanted. Remember protected weekends? What a joke. But no matter how painful it was to sit through each lesson, there was always the hope of better things to come: a cubicle of your own, getting staffed for the very first time. I would sit through another 100 hours of TTS presentations to feel like that again. Then training ended. And we had our first deals. And well, we all know the rest.

But you know what, for all my cynicism and hate for each and every one of you, it wasn’t all bad. Remember that night at the end of the quarter on the rooftop at the Kennet? Remember Mark Wyatt? That chiseled fucking statue of a man?  Blew off the hottest chick at the spot to get in an argument with the bouncer? (As I’m sure we all know by now, Mark’s a hot head fucking faggot, probably trying to get that big ass bouncer to fuck him and freaking out when he realized he wouldn’t be getting any). But the point is that when Mark went all homoerotic on this chick, she came up to yours truly, and I helped her forget about him, real quick.

“Alright Mark, are you really making me read this?”

“Okay, Manny’s not perfect. But I was not flirting with that bouncer.”

“Jesus. Are the people around you like this all the time?”

“I mean, I guess so. It’s just work, it’s fine. Can we keep going?“

Anyway, that’s how me and Liddy starting hanging out. Liddy-the-vegan, Liddy-who-likes-open-relationships, Liddy-who-stays-at-a-loft-in-Bushwick, Liddy-who-makes-her-own-clothes. She was a goddamned hippy chick. A couple weeks into it we met up and she convinced me to come out to some burner party. You know the kind: vacant lot, arts and crafts jewelry, hula hoops and molly and fire dancers, DJs in an ice cream truck. 

Naturally, I was pissed off for being dragged out to one of these grimy ass places with its grimy ass people. But Liddy’s a champ. She sat me down and told me to quit bitching and get some drinks with her. So I said whatever I guess and I did feel better and it went on like that for a while with her trying to get me to dance and me trying to get drunk while keeping the mud off my Cole Haans.

At some point she nodded toward the tent out back and said to me “It’s time for you to meet Father.” It took me few intoxicated seconds register what she’d said. Before I could tell her what a terrible fucking idea it was, she put her hand over my mouth and that was that.

We went into the tent. Through the candle-lit room and inebriated haze, I saw a clean-shaven man sitting cross-legged on an elevated platform. His eyes were half closed and he had this smug ass grin on him.

“Uhh, cool,” I said.

At his feet sat a dozen young, urban, professionals. They were silent because he was about to speak.

“The universe has come to us through light, across vast eras and cosmic histories…” He looked up and smiled at me. “Hello Manny.” 

“Manny,” said Liddy, “This is Father Stan Tyson.”

“We’ve been expecting you, Manny. Please join us.” I teetered toward the floor with the others, and listened to him talk about love and cosmos and stuff. I focused all of my internal energy toward not vomiting.

When he finished, Liddy brought me up to him. 

“Manny, it’s so good to see you.” He gave me a long and clammy hug. I looked over his shoulder at Liddy, but she ignored me. 

Father Tyson took my hands in his. “Child, you are uncertain about your life. Look into my eyes, Manny. Look until you see my soul.” 

With that, I was stuck staring into this guy’s blue eyes for what felt like an hour. The minutes ticked on, and I figured I’d better think of something quick to get the hell out of there. But I was pretty drunk, so it was tough. The drumming outside turned to pounding in my head. I began to sweat.

“I see you,” I felt the vibration in his lips as he mouthed the words. “I see you,” Father Tyson held my forearms as his gaze intensified, “I. See. You.”

I puked a little on his hairless chest. It was mostly liquid, and it sounded like someone peeing. He was unfazed, and helped me up. He hugged me at arm’s length and kept staring into my eyes, or soul, or whatever he was doing. He embraced me a second time and I began to tear up. Then it all came out. My hopes, my dreams, that black hole of professionalism eating away at the edges of my soul. The daily contagious aggression of assholes catalyzing assholes in a circle of ego-driven anal retentive outbursts and assertions. He was talking, but I was feeling too poetic and to pay attention to what he was saying. 

“The benefits,” he whispered, “are phenomenal.” 

At this point I was on my hands and knees, Father Tyson kneeling beside me. I felt vomit between my fingers and called out for Liddy. But Liddy was gone, like gone into thin air gone.

“A casual and inclusive culture,” he continued.

The young professionals stood in a circle around us. I noticed their uniforms: coats and ties made of hemp cloth and leather. A woman holding a recycled ledger scribbled notes furiously. 

Father Tyson had risen. I looked up to meet his gaze. As I stood, he grinned and shook my hand.

He said to me, “Manny, can I offer you a job?”
